our mountain let's just say hi right on
anything I think it's crazy but we're
doing ain't gonna jump out of an
airplane huh was this your idea ah yes
and no you're aware it's this danger on
your back yeah yeah I'm a danger all
right I don't read well so I don't know
we're gonna stick
alright hope and
my heartbeat is out of control ten
minutes until boarding feels like I'm
about to explode now for the rider
tension started to swirl I can't believe
we're gonna free fall from the top of
the world says his feet with a crazy
anticipation feeling like this then we
have the hell can I be patient oh sweet
red google helmet all in place
double-checking just in case I'm elated
baby food and one green light away and I
just can't wait
I
Oh
with my wings comes fly
one step out all the chicks
liberating a 12,000 feet AGL so great
drilling down waksman now Oh minutes of
pleasure without a nice park of
distraction around stay to mine before
we uh we shouldn't laugh
from stay home nothing can stop us from
getting back together
Oh
you wanna feel
big shout-out thanks for sharing
Oh
let's say hi to Kirk there he is yeah
hope nice job what you think of that
take off those clothes had fun up there
the rain was sweet on doesn't feel like
water at that speed does it know like
these pebbles right here yeah
right on good job hope congratulations